1291980758
Cups	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/print_job/transient.rb	module Cups
Cups	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/printer/printer.rb	module Cups
CupsTest	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	class CupsTest 
PrintJob	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/print_job/transient.rb	  class PrintJob
Printer	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/printer/printer.rb	  class Printer
Transient	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/print_job/transient.rb	    class Transient 
blank_sample	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def blank_sample
get_options	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/printer/printer.rb	    def get_options
initialize	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/print_job/transient.rb	      def initialize(data_string, printer=nil)
initialize	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/printer/printer.rb	    def initialize(printer=nil)
method_missing	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/printer/printer.rb	    def method_missing(m)
old_init	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/lib/cups/print_job/transient.rb	      alias_method :old_init
sample	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def sample
setup	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def setup
test_all_jobs_hash_contains_info_hash	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_all_jobs_hash_contains_info_hash
test_all_jobs_raises_with_nonexistent_printers	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_all_jobs_raises_with_nonexistent_printers
test_all_jobs_returns_hash	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_all_jobs_returns_hash
test_can_instantiate_print_job_object_with_correct_args	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_can_instantiate_print_job_object_with_correct_args
test_dest_list_returns_array	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_dest_list_returns_array
test_dest_options_raises_exception_if_not_real	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_dest_options_raises_exception_if_not_real
test_dest_options_returns_hash_if_real	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_dest_options_returns_hash_if_real
test_job_defaults_to_default	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_job_defaults_to_default
test_job_failed_boolean	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_job_failed_boolean
test_job_state_string	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_job_state_string
test_print_job_attributes	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_print_job_attributes
test_print_job_cancellation	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_print_job_cancellation
test_returns_failure_string_on_cancellation	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_returns_failure_string_on_cancellation
test_same_printers_returned	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_same_printers_returned
test_we_can_omit_options_and_will_set_to_empty	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_we_can_omit_options_and_will_set_to_empty
test_we_can_only_pass_strings_down_as_options	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_we_can_only_pass_strings_down_as_options
test_we_can_pass_args_down_as_options	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_we_can_pass_args_down_as_options
test_we_cant_print_nonexistent_files	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_we_cant_print_nonexistent_files
test_we_cant_print_to_nonexistent_printers	/home/ivan/projects/thorsson_cups/test/cups_test.rb	  def test_we_cant_print_to_nonexistent_printers
